Pd 1367 24 10 beta 1 release notes (#2998)
truenas/documentation: content/SCALE/GettingStarted/SCALEReleaseNotes.md

* {{< include file="/static/includes/UpgradeClearCache.md" >}}

* 24.10 moves the applications backend from Kubernetes to Docker ([announcement](https://forums.truenas.com/t/the-future-of-electric-eel-and-apps/5409)).

  * Supported catalog applications automatically migrate to Docker deployments on upgrade from from 24.04 (Dragonfish) to Electric Eel.
  
    App migration is receiving active development in 24.10-BETA.1.
    To see which applications currently support automatic migration, see the [Parity Status with truenas/charts](https://github.com/truenas/apps?tab=readme-ov-file#parity-status-with-truenascharts) chart from the /truenas/apps/ github repository.
    Applications that support migration display a green check (✅) in both **Added** and **Migrated** columns.
    Check back regularly and note the update history of the [README.md](https://github.com/truenas/apps/blob/master/README.md) file for the latest developments.

>     Configuration data for applications that do not automatically migrate is retained in the ixapplications dataset.

Reviewer: This is now the ix-apps dataset
```suggestion
    Configuration data for applications that do not automatically migrate is retained in the ix-apps dataset.
```

Author: keep this one because that is the previously installed applications addressed in the next sentence

>     You can re-initiate migration of Kubernetes apps to Docker at any time after upgrading to Electric Eel, for example to migrate an app that was not yet available for automatic migration upon upgrade but is now available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    You can re-initiate migration of previously-installed Kubernetes apps to Docker at any time after upgrading to Electric Eel, for example to migrate an app that was not yet available for automatic migration upon upgrade but is now available.
```

Depending on the specific system configuration, this can be a straightforward or complicated process.
See the [Migration articles]({{< relref "/SCALE/GettingStarted/Migrate/_index.md" >}}) for cautions and notes about differences between each software and the CORE to SCALE migration process.

> You must either clean install or use an upgrade ***iso** file to migrate a TrueNAS CORE system to SCALE 24.10 (Electric Eel).

Reviewer: This legacy sentence is incorrect so maybe we can change it to this:
```suggestion
You must either clean instal l using an <file>iso</file> or use an upgrade file to migrate a TrueNAS CORE system to SCALE 24.10 (Electric Eel).
```
